DOCS-7847 Add Getting Started with Code Analysis Documentation (#24066)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/_index.md

{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/logs" >}}<u>Logs</u>: Send your first logs and use log processing to enrich them.{{< /nextlink >}}
{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/test_visibility" >}}<u>Test Visibility</u>: Collect CI test data by setting up test services in Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}
{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/intelligent_test_runner" >}}<u>Intelligent Test Runner</u>: Optimize your test suite and reduce CI costs by only running tests that are relevant to your code changes.{{< /nextlink >}}

> {{< nextlink href="/getting_started/Code Analysis" >}}<u>Code Analysis</u>: Analyze code in Datadog or code running in CI pipelines for poor practices and third-party libraries for vulnerabilities.{{< /nextlink >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/code_analysis" >}}<u>Code Analysis</u>: Analyze code in Datadog or code running in CI pipelines for poor practices and third-party libraries for vulnerabilities.{{< /nextlink >}}
```

{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/ci_visibility" >}}<u>CI Visibility</u>: Collect CI pipeline data by setting up integrations with your CI providers.{{< /nextlink >}}
{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/test_visibility" >}}<u>Test Visibility</u>: Collect CI test data by setting up test services in Datadog.{{< /nextlink >}}
{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/intelligent_test_runner" >}}<u>Intelligent Test Runner</u>: Optimize your test suite and reduce CI costs by only running tests that are relevant to your code changes.{{< /nextlink >}}

> {{< nextlink href="/getting_started/code_analysis" >}}<u>Code Analysis</u>: Analyze code in Datadog or code running in CI pipelines for poor practices and third-party libraries for vulnerabilities.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: Analyze your repositories for quality and security issues

Author: ```suggestion
{{< nextlink href="/getting_started/code_analysis" >}}<u>Code Analysis</u>: Analyze your repositories for quality and security issues.{{< /nextlink >}}
```
